# Intro to Vue Js

## Points to remember
1. There are two properties in app object of Vue class namely computed and methods, the difference between them is that the methods are manually called and triggered while the computed methods are automatically trigerred whenever there are some changes made in the data members. Also in order to access them in the html, we call directly access those without calling the func. 

2. if we have methods and computed and inside that, we have defined some functions, then to access the data members, we do this.name, this.message etc. and not this.data.name, this.data.message as that is automatically handelled by veu.
3. Properties like computed, methods, watch, etc. are known as options objects as these are optional and are used whenever required.
4. For custom defined components, we have a data property but it is not defined directly and is written in the form of methods. Eg. data : function() { return {message : value, ...}}. This is because, if we have normal data object, then it will be common to all the instance of that component created in the html doc. and to prevent this, it is written in the form of method.
5. Unlike v-if, which actually removes the element from the Document Object Model (DOM) when false, v-show always renders the element in the DOM. It simply hides it by applying the CSS property display: none; Because v-show only toggles CSS, it is computationally cheaper to switch back and forth. v-if has a higher toggle cost because it has to completely destroy and recreate the DOM elements and event listeners inside it. Therefore, if you have an element that needs to be toggled on and off frequently, v-show is the preferred choice for better performance.
6. When Vue.js initializes, there can be a brief moment where the raw, uncompiled HTML (like your {{ message }} mustache tags) is visible to the user before Vue fully renders the data. The v-cloak directive is used to prevent this flash of uncompiled content.
7. In application architecture, ephemeral state refers to local, short-lived UI state that does not need to be saved permanently. If you refresh the page or close the app, losing this state is not a big deal. Checking boxes next to emails to select them is temporary UI interaction. If you refresh before hitting "Archive," the checkmarks disappear, but your actual emails are safe. The NPTEL user database, Google search index, and Amazon shopping cart are all examples of persistent, long-term state that must be stored on a server.
